ok so now we're going to talk about how
to beat the credit right what we don't
want to do is we don't want to reach
back and try to headhunter if I try and
Hunter you just can slide the other way
catch me with the stealth it's no good
instead what we're going to do first of
all we're going to beat his hand I'll so
go ahead and get the napkin
alright he's getting in on me tight into
your elbow down head up
yeah a half so it's coming out the
shower this had this the harder it's
going to be for him that to help me on
my back once he tells me now if we're
working like that would be sewing for
finger controllers start working out
there now the other way that our primary
that we're going to be that remember I
said he wants to keep me in science
triangles right so we're gonna try to
get outside on his legs now you're going
to come under our own leg under see this
under ready slip okay do not come here
through the legs that you can't move you
have to the longer this is everyone s is
wrong under we have that part of the
foot right there alright once I'm
holding is tight this hand we're going
to push it down on his knee notice I
might walk use me out putting a lot of
pressure on these ministries on the
outside herbs me now if my hips let's
get on it
so I want any outside now if you
recognize the position when a Peterson
you're an apple I'm just kind of say
you're keeping this or maybe I'll drop
it you do not need to grid this wrist I
see a lot of guys try to grab this wrist
and they pull their arm out while he's
doing that instead of all that I need to
do when you're on that is make a fish
hold tight to my chest I put here I'm
out here I'm in my position when I
finally ready about that tiny tool again
it is where's the needed Shia doesn't
matter what's gonna happen it's the same
things multi-directional it is an
outsider and set me back to my abuse to
go ahead rather stuff finish that I'm
gonna catch my my life three back
when it's not keep my rehearsal then
we'll work in there okay